1.What is Emmet?
 A:- It is a tool that helps to write HTML and CSS much faster by using short abbreviations.

2.Difference between a Library and Framework?
 A:-A library is a tool you call while a framework is a structure that calls your code.

3.What is CDN? Why do we use it?
 A:-CDN(Content Delivery network) is a distributed network of server that delivers website files(css,js and images) from the nearest server to improve website speed and performance.
 We use it for Faster loading, No need to download files,Saves server load,Browser caching

4.Why is React known as React?
 A:-React is known as React because the user interface reacts automatically when the application state or data changes.

5.What is crossorigin in script tag?
 A:-It is an attribute in the script tag used when loading resources from another domain,enabling proper CORS handling and detailed error reporting.

6.What is diference between React and ReactDOM
 A:-React:
        1.JS library for building user interfaces
        2.Responsible for building and managing UI components
        3.Creates reusable UI components and manages their state
        4.Focuses on defining the structure and behavior of UI
    ReactDOM:
        1.A package in React that helps React interact with the browser’s DOM
        2.Handles the rendering and updating of UI components in the DOM
        3.Renders React components to the DOM and updates them when the state changes
        4.Focuses on updating the DOM based on React's virtual DOM

7.What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
 A:-react.development.js is more developer friendly,readable and will take more size.
    react.production.js is minified code that is not developer friendly as it focused on decreasing in file size,code efficiency.

8.What is async and defer?
 A:-Async and defer allow the HTML parsing process to continue without waiting for the script to be downloaded.
    With async, the script executes as soon as it's downloaded, potentially before the HTML document is fully parsed. With defer, the script executes only after the HTML document is fully parsed, but before the DOMContentLoaded event.
